---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kowabunga_kawaii Resource - terraform-provider-kowabunga"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Kawaii resource. Kawaii is a resource that provides NATs & Internet access capabilities for a given project.
---

# kowabunga_kawaii (Resource)

Manages a Kawaii resource. **Kawaii** is a resource that provides NATs & Internet access capabilities for a given project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project` (String) Associated project name or ID
- `region` (String) Associated region name or ID

### Optional

- `desc` (String) Resource extended description
- `egress_policy` (String) Kawaii default public traffic firewall egress policy: 'accept' (default) or 'drop'
- `egress_rules` (Attributes List) Kawaii public firewall list of egress rules. Kawaii default policy is to accept all outgoing traffic, including ICMP. Specified ruleset will be explicitly dropped if egress_policy is set to accept, and explicitly accepted if egress policy is set to drop. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--egress_rules))
- `ingress_rules` (Attributes List) The Kawaii public firewall list of ingress rules. Kawaii default policy is to drop all incoming traffic, including ICMP. Specified ruleset will be explicitly accepted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ingress_rules))
- `nat_rules` (Attributes List) Kawaii list of NAT forwarding rules. Kawaii will forward public Internet traffic from all public virtual IPs to requested private subnet IP addresses. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nat_rules))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `vpc_peerings` (Attributes List) Kawaii list of Kowabunga private VPC subnet peering rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource object internal identifier
- `netcfg` (Attributes) Kawaii list of assigned virtual IPs per-zone addresses (read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--netcfg))

<a id="nestedatt--egress_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `egress_rules`

Required:

- `ports` (String) The port (or list of ports) to forward public traffic from. Ranges are accepted. Format is a-b,c-d (e.g. 443; 22,80,443; 80,443,3000-3005).

Optional:

- `destination` (String) The destination IP or CIDR to accept/drop public traffic to (defaults to 0.0.0.0/0)
- `protocol` (String) The transport layer protocol to accept/drop public traffic to (defaults to 'tcp')


<a id="nestedatt--ingress_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ingress_rules`

Required:

- `ports` (String) The port (or list of ports) to accept public traffic from. Ranges are accepted. Format is a-b,c-d (e.g. 443; 22,80,443; 80,443,3000-3005).

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) The transport layer protocol to accept public traffic from (defaults to 'tcp').
- `source` (String) The source IP or CIDR to accept public traffic from (defaults to 0.0.0.0/0).


<a id="nestedatt--nat_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nat_rules`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Target private IP address to forward public traffic to.
- `ports` (String) The port (or list of ports) to forward public traffic from. Ranges are accepted. Format is a-b,c-d (e.g. 443; 22,80,443; 80,443,3000-3005).

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) The transport layer protocol to forward public traffic to (defaults to 'tcp')


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) 30m0s
- `delete` (String) 5m0s
- `read` (String) 2m0s
- `update` (String) 5m0s


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings`

Required:

- `subnet` (String) Kowabunga Subnet ID to be peered with (subnet local IP addresses will be automatically assigned to Kawaii instances).

Optional:

- `egress_rules` (Attributes List) The firewall list of forwarding egress rules to VPC peered subnet. ICMP trafficis always accepted. The specified ruleset will be explicitly accepted if drop is the default policy (useless otherwise) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--egress_rules))
- `ingress_rules` (Attributes List) The firewall list of forwarding ingress rules from VPC peered subnet. ICMP traffic is always accepted. The specified ruleset will be explicitly accepted if drop is the default policy (useless otherwise) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--ingress_rules))
- `policy` (String) The default VPC traffic forwarding policy: 'accept' (default) or 'drop'

Read-Only:

- `netcfg` (Attributes List) The per-zone auto-assigned private IPs in peered subnet (read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vpc_peerings--netcfg))

<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--egress_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.egress_rules`

Required:

- `ports` (String) The port (or list of ports) to forward public traffic from. Ranges are accepted. Format is a-b,c-d (e.g. 443; 22,80,443; 80,443,3000-3005).

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) The transport layer protocol to forward public traffic to (defaults to 'tcp')


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--ingress_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.ingress_rules`

Required:

- `ports` (String) The port (or list of ports) to forward public traffic from. Ranges are accepted. Format is a-b,c-d (e.g. 443; 22,80,443; 80,443,3000-3005).

Optional:

- `protocol` (String) The transport layer protocol to forward public traffic to (defaults to 'tcp')


<a id="nestedatt--vpc_peerings--netcfg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpc_peerings.netcfg`

Read-Only:

- `private_ip` (String) Kawaii zone gateway private IP address in VPC peered subnet (read-only)
- `zone` (String) Kawaii zone name (read-only).



<a id="nestedatt--netcfg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `netcfg`

Read-Only:

- `private_ips` (List of String) Kawaii global private gateways virtual IP addresses (read-only).
- `public_ips` (List of String) Kawaii global public gateways virtual IP addresses (read-only).
- `zones` (Attributes List) Kawaii per-zone list of Kowabunga virtual IP addresses (read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--netcfg--zones))

<a id="nestedatt--netcfg--zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `netcfg.zones`

Read-Only:

- `private_ip` (String) Kawaii zone gateway private virtual IP (read-only).
- `public_ip` (String) Kawaii zone gateway public virtual IP (read-only)
- `zone` (String) Kawaii zone name (read-only)
