---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kowabunga_project Resource - terraform-provider-kowabunga"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a project resource
---

# kowabunga_project (Resource)

Manages a project resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Map of String) List of metadatas key/value associated with the project
- `name` (String) Resource name
- `regions` (List of String) The list of regions the project is managing resources from (subnets will be pre-allocated in all referenced regions)
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags associated with the project
- `teams` (List of String) The list of user teams allowed to administrate the project (i.e. capable of managing internal resources)

### Optional

- `bootstrap_pubkey` (String) The project default public SSH key, to be associated to bootstrap user. Will use Kowabunga's default configuration one if unspecified.
- `bootstrap_user` (String) The project default service user name, created at cloud-init instance bootstrap phase. Will use Kowabunga's default configuration one if unspecified.
- `desc` (String) Resource extended description
- `domain` (String) Internal domain name associated to the project (e.g. myproject.acme.com). (default: none)
- `max_instances` (Number) Project maximum deployable instances. Defaults to 0 (unlimited).
- `max_memory` (Number) Project maximum usable memory (expressed in GB). Defaults to 0 (unlimited).
- `max_storage` (Number) Project maximum usable storage (expressed in GB). Defaults to 0 (unlimited).
- `max_vcpus` (Number) Project maximum usable virtual CPUs. Defaults to 0 (unlimited).
- `root_password` (String) The project default root password, set at cloud-init instance bootstrap phase. Will be randomly auto-generated at each instance creation if unspecified.
- `subnet_size` (Number) Project requested VPC subnet size (defaults to /26)
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource object internal identifier
- `private_subnets` (Map of String) List of project's private subnets zones association (read-only)
- `vrids` (List of Number) List of VRRP IDs used by -as-a-service resources within the project virtual network (read-only). Should your application use VRRP for service redundancy, you should use different IDs to prevent issues.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) 30m0s
- `delete` (String) 5m0s
- `read` (String) 2m0s
- `update` (String) 5m0s
